I'm so nostalgic, I could cry my eyes out.
Is that...
Yeah.
It's where Senku and I woke up,
and where everything began.
The miracle cave.
That's where we get the
stuff from bat guano...
Nitric acid.
Nitric acid is used for everything
from breathing life into the statues
to making the gunpowder that can destroy
anything in this primitive world.
The miracle water that
commands both life and death.
That's why Tsukasa-kun has
so many people guarding it.
Yo, I won't let your death be in vain.
Senku's objective is the miracle cave.
We'll stop them in the names
of Yo and the other fallen,
and build a new, ideal world.
Yes.
Tsukasa and Hyoga are at the grave.
It's pretty far from here.
That's fantastic to know.
One blast of this tank's bluff cannon,
and any modern person's morale will
immediately tank, ten billion percent.
But the enemy will only panic
and have the instinct to run away
for the first 20 seconds.
After that, the enemy will come
to their senses and retaliate.
If we fight, people will die.
T-Twenty seconds later,
we're killing each other?!
That's when we kill them all!
No.
Nobody dies.
That's the condition of our alliance.
Rules are rules.
Break them, and the course
of the war becomes uncertain.
In other words,
we're conquering the miracle cave
with our scientific lightning attack
without killing a single person.
Well, then, let's get started!
Steam Gorilla, move out!
Everyone, brace yourselves!
The fate of all humanity will
be decided in these 20 seconds!
Fire!
Sulfuric
acid
When the glass jar full of
sulfuric acid shatters on impact,
Alcohol
Coal ash
Etc.
it'll mix with the fuel made
from alcohol and coal ash.
Iron powder
It'll at least look like a giant,
Hollywood-budget explosion.
Tsukasa is already expecting the Kingdom
of Science to attack with a steam engine.
Then the miracle cave
would be a critical facility.
It must be full of anti-vehicle traps.
Definitely, ten billion percent.
So, Senku-chan, how about a detour?
Denied! Charge!
Oh, God!
Go!
What is that?!
Wait!
N-No way...
It's...
A tank?!
We're screwed!
They're smashing right through our traps!
Tanks are the best!
I'm sure you love this stuff, Magma.
We won't need to take a detour.
We've saved precious seconds.
Let's go, everyone! Frontal assault!
Ambush!
It's an ambush!
Damn it!
The opening is the most
difficult part of the battle.
The foot soldiers will react
recklessly in their confusion.
No killing.
How do we respond to their initial
attacks under these rules?
Taiju!
I-It shattered!
Carbon shield!
Carbon?!
That's impossible!
In this stone world?!
Don't worry!
I'll stop all the attacks up front!
One of them already got you in the head!
He's so tough...
You guys!
Hitting people is bad!
What the hell is he saying
in the middle of a battle?!
Their weapons!
Knock their weapons away!
Tie them all down!
Follow Kohaku!
The tank's finally down.
All right! They fell for our traps!
Shit...
This sucks.
We lasted longer than I expected.
Magma, you're up.
Don't boss me around.
Say "please."
What is that?
A copper plate?
It's just a board.
It's an adaptation of one of our science
surprise gadgets, the sonic bomb.
Copper
board
We're gathering all the sound
of a detonation using a parabola
Sonic bomb
and shooting it at the enemy.
All units, ear plugs!
Take this.
Acoustic weapon: the shock cannon!
Everyone's confused.
Tsuka-san told them they're supposed
to retreat if they're ever ambushed!
Time to use my journalistic skills!
I'll go back to Tsuka-san and
tell him exactly what's going on.
"You're a capable woman. Stay by my side."
He just might!
You're not going any further.
No way... Ukyo-kun?
You're not going.
Nikki—
Minami-san!
Damn it! Inform Tsukasa-san!
Look!
Don't let anyone get away!
Chrome!
Damn it! This is bad! The sonic bomb...
They're coming!
It's no use! We can't
fight off that many people!
How many casualties?
Zero.
The miracle cave!
We've conquered it!
It's been a long time.
So, going forward, the two of us
will be spies in the Tsukasa Empire.
You'll be finding allies for a
scientific revolutionary army.
And we'll each be fighting our own battles.
That's the idea.
I'm getting all teary-eyed
thinking about our sad goodbye.
It's been a whole year since we parted
ways with Senku to fight this battle.
Finally!
We finally have it back!
This is the nitric acid born from bat guano!
The miracle water!
Now we can make all the revival
fluid and gunpowder we need.
Hey, what are you doing, Senku?
We just won!
Senku's always so calm.
It takes a while for him to be happy.
Hey, Senku!
Yeah, I'd love to party my ass off
to celebrate this victory,
but we don't have time to waste.
We're going to start making gunpowder.
Crap, he's right.
We need to get ready before Tsukasa
and the others catch on and get here.
Ta-da-da!
Sulfur and charcoal!
This is an instant gunpowder starter kit.
All you need to do is add sulfuric acid.
You're so well-prepared.
Damn straight. We don't have time.
All right, then! Finally!
Victory for the Kingdom of Science!
We've got gunpowder!
Impossible.
They're way too early.
How?!
Run!
Everyone, run!
The gunpowder starter kit
we so desperately need!
Shit...
All our chemicals...
We're screwed!
We don't stand a chance!
Damn it, are you serious?
Kohaku-chan and Magma both fought him
together, and they didn't stand a chance.
Facing one of them alone would
have been hopeless enough.
It seems you've all figured
out instinctively...
that the Kingdom of Science's chances
of winning have just become nil.
Hey, Senku.
Yo, Tsukasa.
It's been a long, long battle.
A whole year has passed.
I'm sad to have to take your life twice.
That's so cold of you, after I crawled
my way out of Hell to meet you...
by climbing up the stupidly
thin thread that is science.
Damn it! What do we do?
What do we do?
Don't worry!
Lillian?!
She's inside the tank!
All right! Protect her!
Lillian's inside the tank!
He's right! We're saved!
The US Army will be here for us soon!
That's all a lie, too.
Enough with the charade. Come out, Gen-kun.
Do you really think such a primitive
phone could communicate with the US?
Damn it! We've been found out!
No wonder you guys got here so soon.
Gen!
You were impersonating her? No way!
It was a close call.
But the battle has just been won.
You lose, Senku-kun.
And I have a proposition.
If you...
No, you don't have to tell me.
I know.
You want science-man Senku to die in
exchange for the safety of everyone else.
I appreciate your understanding.
You are indeed on the ball.
No!
Don't, Senku!
It's going to be the same thing as before!
I can't let that happen again!
Quit ugly-crying, you big oaf.
How is it the same?
Go pluck out your eyeballs and wash them.
Remember, Taiju?
You weren't enough that time.
I was on my own.
But this time, right now,
we've got plenty of us here.
You're here, and so are our
Kingdom of Science buddies.
Yeah.
You're right, Senku.
That's right.
You've got another science man right here.
Yeah, of course.
The condition of this war
was that no one dies.
Rules are rules.
That's why we trained so hard.
Without question. Senku is our leader,
and our friend.
So all we need to do is take them down.
Wow, you're all so passionate.
Well, if Senku-chan were to lose,
I wouldn't get to drink cola anymore.
You're right.
It's nothing like last time!
Sorry, Senku.
It's been a while, long-haired man.
Now, that's not nice.
Shouldn't you say "Nice to meet you" first?
Allow me to give you the nice greeting
I neglected to give last time.
Nice to meet you.
We are the Kingdom of Science.
Do you have some kind of plan, Kohaku?
Obviously not!
We need to protect the miracle water.
This is siege warfare.
If we can buy even a little bit of time...
Senku and the other science users will
surely clear us a path to victory!
Yeah, but we don't have any
chemicals or anything.
How?
Run, science user!
Yeah!
They'll be dying for nothing.
I suppose they're just
brain-dead primitives after all.
This primitive stone world
will be controlled...
...by the pure power given
to humanity by nature.
...by the science built by humanity itself.
To Destroy and to Save
Next Episode
This is a work of fiction, but the plants,
animals, and production methods described are based on reality.
Foraging and making things on your own accord is extremely dangerous
and, in some cases, illegal. Please do not imitate without expertise.